[Music]
[Music] then the heads of the fathers houses of
then the heads of the fathers houses of
then the heads of the fathers houses of the Levites came near to Eleazar the
the Levites came near to Eleazar the
the Levites came near to Eleazar the priest to Joshua the son of nun and to
priest to Joshua the son of nun and to
priest to Joshua the son of nun and to the heads of the father's houses of the
the heads of the father's houses of the
the heads of the father's houses of the tribes of the children of Israel and
tribes of the children of Israel and
tribes of the children of Israel and they spoke to them at Shiloh in the land
they spoke to them at Shiloh in the land
they spoke to them at Shiloh in the land of Canaan the LORD commanded through
of Canaan the LORD commanded through
of Canaan the LORD commanded through Moses to give us cities to dwell in with
Moses to give us cities to dwell in with
Moses to give us cities to dwell in with their common lands for our livestock so
their common lands for our livestock so
their common lands for our livestock so the children of Israel gave to the
the children of Israel gave to the
the children of Israel gave to the Levites from their inheritance at the
Levites from their inheritance at the
Levites from their inheritance at the commandment of the Lord these cities and
commandment of the Lord these cities and
commandment of the Lord these cities and their common lands now the lot came out
their common lands now the lot came out
their common lands now the lot came out for the families of the kohathites
for the families of the kohathites
for the families of the kohathites and the children of air on the priest
and the children of air on the priest
and the children of air on the priest who were of the Levites had 13 cities by
who were of the Levites had 13 cities by
who were of the Levites had 13 cities by lot from the tribe of Judah from the
lot from the tribe of Judah from the
lot from the tribe of Judah from the tribe of Simeon and from the tribe of
tribe of Simeon and from the tribe of
tribe of Simeon and from the tribe of Benjamin the rest of the children of
Benjamin the rest of the children of
Benjamin the rest of the children of Kohath had 10 cities by lot from the
Kohath had 10 cities by lot from the
Kohath had 10 cities by lot from the families of the tribe of Ephraim from
families of the tribe of Ephraim from
families of the tribe of Ephraim from the tribe of Dan and from the half tribe
the tribe of Dan and from the half tribe
the tribe of Dan and from the half tribe of Manasseh and the children of Gershon
of Manasseh and the children of Gershon
of Manasseh and the children of Gershon had 13 cities by lot from the families
had 13 cities by lot from the families
had 13 cities by lot from the families of the tribe of Issachar above asha from
of the tribe of Issachar above asha from
of the tribe of Issachar above asha from the tribe of Naphtali and from the half
the tribe of Naphtali and from the half
the tribe of Naphtali and from the half tribe of Manasseh in Dacian the children
tribe of Manasseh in Dacian the children
tribe of Manasseh in Dacian the children of Moreira according to their families
of Moreira according to their families
of Moreira according to their families had 12 cities from the tribe of Reuben
had 12 cities from the tribe of Reuben
had 12 cities from the tribe of Reuben from the tribe of GAD and from the tribe
from the tribe of GAD and from the tribe
from the tribe of GAD and from the tribe of Zebulun and the children of Israel
of Zebulun and the children of Israel
of Zebulun and the children of Israel gave these cities were their common
gave these cities were their common
gave these cities were their common lands by lot to the leaf acts as the
lands by lot to the leaf acts as the
lands by lot to the leaf acts as the Lord had commanded by the hand of Moses
Lord had commanded by the hand of Moses
Lord had commanded by the hand of Moses so they gave from the tribe of the
so they gave from the tribe of the
so they gave from the tribe of the children of Judah and from the tribe of
children of Judah and from the tribe of
children of Judah and from the tribe of the children of Simeon these cities
the children of Simeon these cities
the children of Simeon these cities which are designated by name which were
which are designated by name which were
which are designated by name which were for the children of Aaron one of the
for the children of Aaron one of the
for the children of Aaron one of the families of the kohathites
families of the kohathites
families of the kohathites who were of the children of Levi for the
who were of the children of Levi for the
who were of the children of Levi for the lot was theirs first and they gave them
lot was theirs first and they gave them
lot was theirs first and they gave them kia death Arbor Arbor was the father of
kia death Arbor Arbor was the father of
kia death Arbor Arbor was the father of Enoch which is Hebron in the mountains
Enoch which is Hebron in the mountains
Enoch which is Hebron in the mountains of Judah with a common land surrounding
of Judah with a common land surrounding
of Judah with a common land surrounding it but the fields of the city and it's
it but the fields of the city and it's
it but the fields of the city and it's villages they gave to Kayla
villages they gave to Kayla
villages they gave to Kayla the son of Jephunneh as his possession
the son of Jephunneh as his possession
the son of Jephunneh as his possession rust to the children of air and the
rust to the children of air and the
rust to the children of air and the priests they gave Hebron with its common
priests they gave Hebron with its common
priests they gave Hebron with its common land a city of refuge for the slave Lib
land a city of refuge for the slave Lib
land a city of refuge for the slave Lib nur with its common land chatter with
nur with its common land chatter with
nur with its common land chatter with its common land a steamer with its
its common land a steamer with its
its common land a steamer with its common land :
common land :
common land : with its common land diba with its
with its common land diba with its
with its common land diba with its common land i'm with its common land
common land i'm with its common land
common land i'm with its common land Jutta with its common land and beth
Jutta with its common land and beth
Jutta with its common land and beth shemesh with its common land nine cities
shemesh with its common land nine cities
shemesh with its common land nine cities from those two tribes and from the tribe
from those two tribes and from the tribe
from those two tribes and from the tribe of benjamin Gibeon with its common land
of benjamin Gibeon with its common land
of benjamin Gibeon with its common land giba with its common land Anathoth with
giba with its common land Anathoth with
giba with its common land Anathoth with its common land and almond with its
its common land and almond with its
its common land and almond with its common land four cities all the cities
common land four cities all the cities
common land four cities all the cities of the children of aaron the priests
of the children of aaron the priests
of the children of aaron the priests were 13 cities with their common lands
were 13 cities with their common lands
were 13 cities with their common lands and the families of the children of
and the families of the children of
and the families of the children of Kohath the Levites the rest of the
Kohath the Levites the rest of the
Kohath the Levites the rest of the children of Kohath even they had the
children of Kohath even they had the
children of Kohath even they had the cities of their lot from the tribe of
cities of their lot from the tribe of
cities of their lot from the tribe of ephraim for they gave them Shechem with
ephraim for they gave them Shechem with
ephraim for they gave them Shechem with its common land in the mountains of
its common land in the mountains of
its common land in the mountains of Ephraim a city of refuge for the Slayer
Ephraim a city of refuge for the Slayer
Ephraim a city of refuge for the Slayer Geezer
Geezer
Geezer with its common land gibbsy with its
with its common land gibbsy with its
with its common land gibbsy with its common land and beth horon with its
common land and beth horon with its
common land and beth horon with its common land for cities and from the
common land for cities and from the
common land for cities and from the tribe of dan el TECA with its common
tribe of dan el TECA with its common
tribe of dan el TECA with its common land givethem with its common land age
land givethem with its common land age
land givethem with its common land age alone with its common land
alone with its common land
alone with its common land and Gath women with its common land for
and Gath women with its common land for
and Gath women with its common land for cities and from the half tribe of
cities and from the half tribe of
cities and from the half tribe of manasseh Tanner with its common land and
manasseh Tanner with its common land and
manasseh Tanner with its common land and gasps women with its common land two
gasps women with its common land two
gasps women with its common land two cities all the ten cities were their
cities all the ten cities were their
cities all the ten cities were their common lands where for the rest of the
common lands where for the rest of the
common lands where for the rest of the families of the children of Kohath also
families of the children of Kohath also
families of the children of Kohath also to the children of Gershon of the
to the children of Gershon of the
to the children of Gershon of the families of the Levites from the other
families of the Levites from the other
families of the Levites from the other half tribe of manasseh they gave golan
half tribe of manasseh they gave golan
half tribe of manasseh they gave golan impatiens with its common land a city of
impatiens with its common land a city of
impatiens with its common land a city of refuge for the Slayer and BS Tara with
refuge for the Slayer and BS Tara with
refuge for the Slayer and BS Tara with its common land to cities and from the
its common land to cities and from the
its common land to cities and from the tribe of Issachar Keisha
tribe of Issachar Keisha
tribe of Issachar Keisha with its common land dabber earth with
with its common land dabber earth with
with its common land dabber earth with its common land JAMA 'the with its
its common land JAMA 'the with its
its common land JAMA 'the with its common land and n Ganim with its common
common land and n Ganim with its common
common land and n Ganim with its common land for cities and from the tribe of
land for cities and from the tribe of
land for cities and from the tribe of Asher
Asher
Asher Michele with its common land AB dan with
Michele with its common land AB dan with
Michele with its common land AB dan with its common land Hill cthe with its
its common land Hill cthe with its
its common land Hill cthe with its common land and Rehab with its common
common land and Rehab with its common
common land and Rehab with its common land for cities and from the tribe of
land for cities and from the tribe of
land for cities and from the tribe of Naphtali
Naphtali
Naphtali Kadesh in Galilee with its common land a
Kadesh in Galilee with its common land a
Kadesh in Galilee with its common land a city of refuge for the slayer hamath
city of refuge for the slayer hamath
city of refuge for the slayer hamath door with its common land and carton
door with its common land and carton
door with its common land and carton with its common land three cities all
with its common land three cities all
with its common land three cities all the cities of the gershonites according
the cities of the gershonites according
the cities of the gershonites according to their families with 13 cities with
to their families with 13 cities with
to their families with 13 cities with their common lands and to the families
their common lands and to the families
their common lands and to the families of the children of may ray-ray the rest
of the children of may ray-ray the rest
of the children of may ray-ray the rest of the Levites from the tribe of Zebulun
of the Levites from the tribe of Zebulun
of the Levites from the tribe of Zebulun Jack Nia with its common land Carter
Jack Nia with its common land Carter
Jack Nia with its common land Carter with its common land Timna with its
with its common land Timna with its
with its common land Timna with its common land and mahalo with its common
common land and mahalo with its common
common land and mahalo with its common land for cities and from the tribe of
land for cities and from the tribe of
land for cities and from the tribe of Reuben
Reuben
Reuben beaser with its common land J has with
beaser with its common land J has with
beaser with its common land J has with its common land
its common land
its common land kerimov with its common land and Maffeo
kerimov with its common land and Maffeo
kerimov with its common land and Maffeo with its common land
with its common land
with its common land four cities and from the tribe of GAD
four cities and from the tribe of GAD
four cities and from the tribe of GAD remov in Gilead with its common land a
remov in Gilead with its common land a
remov in Gilead with its common land a city of refuge for the slave may a name
city of refuge for the slave may a name
city of refuge for the slave may a name with its common land Heshbon with its
with its common land Heshbon with its
with its common land Heshbon with its common land and jeiza with its common
common land and jeiza with its common
common land and jeiza with its common land four cities in all so all the
land four cities in all so all the
land four cities in all so all the cities for the children of Mirai
cities for the children of Mirai
cities for the children of Mirai according to their families the rest of
according to their families the rest of
according to their families the rest of the families of the Levites were by
the families of the Levites were by
the families of the Levites were by their lot twelve cities all the cities
their lot twelve cities all the cities
their lot twelve cities all the cities of the Levites within the possession of
of the Levites within the possession of
of the Levites within the possession of the children of Israel were 48 cities
the children of Israel were 48 cities
the children of Israel were 48 cities with their common lands every one of
with their common lands every one of
with their common lands every one of these cities had its common land
these cities had its common land
these cities had its common land surrounding it thus were all these
surrounding it thus were all these
surrounding it thus were all these cities so the Lord gave to Israel all
cities so the Lord gave to Israel all
cities so the Lord gave to Israel all the land of which he had sworn to give
the land of which he had sworn to give
the land of which he had sworn to give to their fathers and they took
to their fathers and they took
to their fathers and they took possession of it and dwelt in it the
possession of it and dwelt in it the
possession of it and dwelt in it the Lord gave them rest all around according
Lord gave them rest all around according
Lord gave them rest all around according to all that he had sworn to their
to all that he had sworn to their
to all that he had sworn to their fathers and not a man of all their
fathers and not a man of all their
fathers and not a man of all their enemies stood against them the Lord
enemies stood against them the Lord
enemies stood against them the Lord delivered all their enemies into their
delivered all their enemies into their
delivered all their enemies into their hand not a word failed of any good thing
hand not a word failed of any good thing
hand not a word failed of any good thing which the Lord had spoken to the house
which the Lord had spoken to the house
which the Lord had spoken to the house of Israel all came to pass
of Israel all came to pass
of Israel all came to pass [Music]